# rgb
We&#39;re going to explore a website that you run right on your desktop today. Use a text document to answer the questions.

1.  Open the index.html file inside of the rgb folder. 

2.  Play the game for a few minutes, get to know it, change the difficulty. 

    a.  How would you expand the game? What options or settings could you add? 
    
    Maybe have it automatically go to the next level when you complete a turn. Also currently if you switch back and forth from easy or hard you are adding to the same score. I think they should be considerered as different turns

3.  Using this documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction to guide you: 

    a.  What is the DOM? The data representation of the objects that comprise the structure and content of a document on the web. Basically a site map of all the elements of the page.

    b.  When is the DOM different than HTML?  ?

    c.  What is the state of the DOM when you first load the page? 

    d.  What is the state of the DOM if you turn off JavaScript and refresh the page? When I turned it off I was unable to choose any options

4.  Now let's explore the code. Use the inspector to investigate the HTML, CSS and Javascript. 

    a.  Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? The CSS? The JavaScript? The html is the structure and content, the css generates the style, and JS gives the behaiver 

    b.  What happens inside the CSS file when you click on various elements in the page? I noticed the colors changing

        i.  What elements does the CSS file change? color, shapes, margins, spacing

    c.  What happens inside the HTML file when you click on various elements in the page? swiches between divs

    d.  Use breakpoints in the JavaScript to walk through what happens when you click on various elements on the page. 

        i.  What happens when you click on a color block? there is a function that updates the color block/also a msg generates to try again or correct

        ii.  What happens when you click on the winning color block? A message says correct

        iii.  What happens when you click "Play again"? 

        iv.  What HTML and CSS elements can JavaScript change? allowed the colors and text to change based n certain functions

        v.  How does score keeping work? There is a score display function with span that keeps track of the number

        vi.  Why does it persist through closing the page? bc its using local storage it doesnt depend on the page change

        vii.  Using this documentation: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage change the JavaScript file to use session storage instead of local storage. 

        viii.  What's different about the way the score is kept now? the score went back to zero

        ix.  When you win what happens when the title changes? all of the squares also change and the header chamges as well

        x.  What does Asynchronous mean in the context of JavaScript? Things can happen at the same time without blocking each other

        xi.  What is the fetch function inside of updateColorName? it pulls the available color options from the url

        xii.  What does it do? 

        xiii.  What's an alternative to using fetch? request.open

        xiv.  Why use one over the other? 

5.  Add comments to the JavaScript code explaining what you think each function does. 

6.  As you went through this process which of the 3E's did you draw from most? How?

    a.  Curiosity, Deal with Uncertainty, Observation Skills
    Dealing with ucertainty. There are alot of answers I am uncertain of but after many searches I just had to say I haver to be ok with my answer and learn from it if its wrong

7.  Push your changes to Git.

Other Resources: 

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage

- https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/javascript